wccf goal collection 8 this time I tried to say a voice like this
I recently played wccf and saw that nostalgic shoot
Atletico's moss is a brilliant loop shoot
Hmmm
The future Ruwuu
This is completely a shot of Hokke
5 minutes into the blue bird
goo
Ah ah ah ah
Huh struck the heart
This is Re 's terrible smile also seen many times
Hmm
Hmmm I will not accept this
Bread Caro's I'm laughs sum of the opposing team had scored a goal and one step missing kun by goals
If you look in various ways
I remembered that I used to not use as many goalkeepers as I used to
Miura look at this
bwh
A collection of nba roms like a mocking of the top
Teaching you what
me
Ahho went XXX
Ah ah ah ah
Then it was more likely than ever that the keeper was exchanged with every hand
I did not see much the scene where the version upgrade is repeated and the keeper is exchanged
But instead the
It seems like it 's a jump of such timing
Behavior suspicious keeper we
Look at something like this loop shoot and look back at wccf
I remembered
Now I think it is Ne is Ne I want to be reluctant over Pis repair and complete Pu Netto
This time the goal collection
It became an extra edition Thank you for watching this time